# MyCPPCPConfig
This is a command line tool used to create competitive programming projects (using C++14) with a single command. This helps in easily configuring the projects.<br/>
This automatically sets and creates one file for pasting Input Cases, and one file which will receive the output generated by the program.<br/>
<b>It sets up the build systems or build tasks or launch and attach configurations to create the executable file for running or debugging.</b><br/>
This program uses a source template which will be specified by the user. And it will ask for a directory where it will be creating the new folders (for new projects).<br/>

Note: This programs requires 'set' step to be done on first time use only.
<b><h2>Steps for Windows</h2></b>
<ol type="1">
<li>Extract the files to a folder. Install your preferred code editor (This program can work alongwith vscode and sublime). This program works with g++ compiler (c++14)</li>
<li>Install dotnet core runtime</li>
<li>Run the executable file 'CPPCPConfig.exe' located in the folder</li>
<li>Type 'set'</li>
<li>Follow the steps</li>
<li>When the program exits and all setting is done successfully, then again run that executable file.</li>
<li>Type 'help' command and you can see how to create the projects and how to open them after creating.</li>
<li>On Windows, the path to IDE program files (executables) and the compiler (include and binaries) files <em>should</em> be added to the path.</li>
</ol>
Note: If the IDE prompts for selecting some build kits or build systems, make sure that the extensions have been activated successfully.

<b><h2>Steps for Linux</h2></b>
<ol type="1">
<li>Extract the files to a folder. Install your preferred code editor (This program can work alongwith vscode and sublime). This program works with g++ compiler (c++14)</li>
<li>Install dotnet core runtime</li>
<li>Open terminal and navigate to the folder where files are extracted</li>
<li>Run 'dotnet CPPCPConfig.dll'</li>
<li>Type 'set'</li>
<li>Follow the steps</li>
<li>When the program exits and all setting is done successfully, then again run 'dotnet CPPCPConfig.dll' command</li>
<li>Type 'help' command and you can see how to create the projects and how to open them after creating</li>
</ol>
